SOURCE: https://www.csusb.edu/world-languages-and-literatures/resources/scholarships-and-other-opportunities
COLLECTED: 09/30/2026

Department Scholarships
AI created blue coyote in a backpack

Scholarships are offered through the Department of World Languages and Literatures for the current academic year (Fall 2026 - Summer 2027).
Students graduating Spring 2027 are NOT eligible.

DEADLINE: TBA (Application will be available November 2026.)

ApplicationReview Application Requirements

Looking for Study Abroad?List of active CSUSB-led programs (Go-Abroad's website)

Visit our Study Abroad section

Scholarships Available
Review Application Requirements

Each scholarship has different criteria and a different funding cycle. Scholarships will be awarded in the Spring for use during the upcoming Fall term.  Scholarships will be administered by the Financial Aid Office.

Other Scholarships through Financial Aid
Click Application above for the WLL Department scholarships.

You may also benefit from applying for other scholarships through the Office of Financial Aid & Scholarships.

WLL Scholarship is available to a CSUSB student in any major within the Department of World Languages and Literatures ($500 – 1 per year)
The Switzer Scholarship is available to any student participating for the full academic year in the CSU-IP program in France (Aix-En-Provence or Paris) or Quebec (Canada). (Amount varies.)
In order to be eligible for this scholarship, students must participate in one of the CSU International Programs (CSU IP) included in the scholarship description. Run by the Chancellor's Office in Long Beach, these programs are open to students across the CSU system. Program information and applications are available on CSU IP. Please inform the faculty advisor for your major if you are applying to CSU IP.
Acto Latino Scholarship is available to CSUSB Undocumented and/or Green Card Holder students who are majoring/minoring in Spanish, including Graduate students. Minimum GPA: 3.0 ($500)
Arabic Studies Scholarship is available to CSUSB students that are enrolled in ARAB 1111 or ARAB 1112 for Fall 2026-Spring 2027 ($200) — first 20 students — or pursuing a minor/certificate in Arabic ($500), or have declared the B.A. in Arabic Language, Literature, and Culture as their major ($1000) and are enrolled in an Arabic language course (taught in Arabic) in 2026-27.
The First GEN Acto Latino Scholarship is available to CSUSB first-generation college students majoring or minoring in Spanish, including Graduate students. Preference will be given to students who participate in department events and fundraising efforts. Minimum GPA: 3.0 ($1,000 - 2 per year)
Argentina CASLA Scholarship is available to students participating in the CSUSB Faculty-Led Study program to Argentina with Dr. Fernánde-Gibert ($500)
Japan CASLA Scholarship is available to students participating in the CSUSB Faculty-Led Study program to Japan with Dr. Kanesaka ($500)
Korea Scholarship is available to CSUSB students who satisfy one of the following:
Acceptance to an approved CSUSB Summer Study Abroad Program in South Korea (up to $500),
Acceptance to a CSU International Program in South Korea (up to $5,000)
  Korea University | Academic Year (CSUIP)
  Yonsei University | Academic Year (CSUIP)
Korean Studies and Engagement Scholarship supports outstanding CSUSB students who have demonstrated a sustained commitment to Korean studies and plan to incorporate Korean studies into their future careers. The applicant must apply under Category 1 or Category 2.
Category 1: Academic Engagement -
The applicant must (a) be a currently enrolled CSUSB student whose native language is not Korean, (b) have completed the first-year Korean sequence at CSUSB (KOR 1111 &1112 or 101,102, & 1112) during the 2020-2021 academic year with an average GPA of 3.5 from those classes.
Category 2: Extracurricular Engagement -
The applicant must (a) be a currently enrolled CSUSB student, (b) have completed the first-year college Korean sequence (KOR 1111 &1112 or 101, 102, & 103) during any academic year with no minimum average GPA required, (c) be enrolled in Fall Semester 2021, (d) have demonstrated strong engagement in on- and off-campus Korea-related intellectual and/or community activities (e.g., student organizations and cultural events).
Application Requirements
Separate applications must be submitted for each scholarship.

Preferred minimum GPA: 3.0 unless otherwise specified

Each application requires a one-page (double-spaced, 12 pt font) essay explaining the following:

Why are you applying for this scholarship?
What makes you a good candidate for the scholarship?
Why are you pursuing this degree?
Why are you interested in this Study Abroad Program (if applicable)?
If applying to the French Summer Program CASLA scholarship, which program are you attending?
If applying to the Korean Scholarship, which program are you attending?
Application

Note: You will need to log in to your myCoyote before completing the application.

If you have difficulty reading or using this form, please contact us at 909-537-5848 or stop by UH-007.
